Add API endpoint to get all vulnerable packages #929 (#932)
nexB/vulnerablecode: CHANGELOG.rst

- The data license is now CC-BY-SA-4.0 as this is the highest common
  denominator license among all the data sources we collect and aggregate. 

> - We added a new "/packages/all" endpoint in API to get all vulnerable packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We added a new "/packages/all" API endpoint to get all Package URLs know to be vulnerable.
```
